Update `@OnKey` documentation (#111)
fujaba/fulibFx: docs/controller/10-key-events.md

The framework provides an easy way of registering keybinds for a controller. By using the `@OnKey` annotation, you can
define methods that will be called when a key is pressed.

The annotation has multiple parameters for specifying the key or additional keys (e.g. `shift`) that have to be pressed.

> If such an option is set to `true`, the key has to be pressed. If it is set to `false` while `strict` is enabled makes it so that the additional key **must not** be pressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If such an option is set to `true`, the key has to be pressed.
If it is not specified or set to `false`, the event will trigger regardless of whether it is pressed or not, unless the `strict` option is used.
If it is set to `false` while `strict` is enabled, the additional key **must not** be pressed.
That means the `strict` is useful when you have many different keyboard shortcuts with the same key but different modifiers.
```
